### Cluttered Desk (Day 2)

I'm planning to create a really high-resolution render of two of my projects, then order
a custom two-sided puzzle printed so I can assemble it in a physical form. Just on a whim.
I haven't decided what I'll do for the second side, but the first side will be a variation
on the solar system project I started back in May of last year.

I'm changing it from being an abstract solar-system render to being a desk/office view
with a cluttered desk, including scale models of the planets in the solar system only as
decorations.

Today I added a mouse and mouse pad. This may seem simple, and the mouse pad _was_ simple,
but the mouse itself defeated me. I don't like how it turned out, I think it's ugly. I ended
up going with a combination of procedural nodes and "sculpt" nodes to try to get a somewhat
organic shape. Instead, I got a bulbous monstrosity that looks vaguely inappropriate.

Additionally, I discovered an issue causing the "roughness" property to not be set properly
on the desk material. I fixed it so the specular highlights shouldn't be so glaring.

I expect the keyboard to be equally difficult, although that will be for a different reason.
That's a project for tomorrow, however.

I have plans for a lot of decorations/clutter to place on the desk and surrounding area.
I'm having a hard time deciding where to put the planets, actually. They don't really _fit_,
even though the idea was created around them in the first place. I've got several days of
work just to create other decorations I have planned; if I can't figure out where to put
them then I'll probably delete them and maybe hang a "poster" on the wall with the original
render from day 73.
