### TOPs/PDG

Today I took a short break from working on my cluttered desk scene to learn how to use
TOPs/PDG in order to automate rendering from multiple cameras on some of these projects.
The goal is to be able to trigger multiple renders all at once, which will run
consecutively (or, in the future, concurrently on multiple machines) so I don't have to
babysit Houdini when I have to render a scene from multiple angles, or with different
resolutions or render settings.

To do this, I'm actually following a tutorial produced years ago by Houdini. It appears
that the TOPs workflow is one of the least well-documented parts of the Houdini ecosystem,
and I can't find anything new. Luckily, this tutorial isn't too outdated, although some
of the instructions have to be adapted in order to follow along.

The tutorial provides the simulation and COPnet, I just have to update it as necessary
for my own needs. Unfortunately, the tutorail only goes over OpenGL rendering a scene,
and I really need to be able to render using Karma. That part isn't documented at all,
but luckily it wasn't too hard to figure out from context how to use the Karma render
TOP node.

Lastly, the tutorial overlays the frame number and variation options in each rendered
image, combines all 16 images for each frame into a 4x4 grid, and uses ffmpeg to render
the output composition into a single video.

What I've done differently from the tutorial:

- I'm using 16 variations instead of 4. They're varying two variables at the same time,
  I'm varying them in a matrix (4x4 = 16 different combinations.)
- I'm rendering the scene using Karma, instead of OpenGL. I didn't put a ton of effort
  into creating materials, but I did fiddle with them to make the render look better.
