### Fire

This is the second prompt of the [Nodevember 2025](https://www.nodevember-2025.com/), "Fire".

I'll return to the 2024 prompts later, but since I skipped nodevember this year in
favor of writing 30k words in November, I'm going to go to the 2025 prompts and do
the 2024 prompts later.

I've been having difficulty returning to practice lately, and I eventually realized
that in part it's because I'm getting paralyzed by how much work it is to do a single
daily practice. So I'm going to limit myself to 2 hours per practice to make it easier to
get started and finish each day. I don't necessarily expect this to work very well,
because I'm a perfectionist, but it's worth a try.

That said - I did go over 2 hours on this one, because the prompt was for 'fire', and I have
relatively little experience with the pyro solver (as it's one of my least favorite), and
any kind of solver is going to take a longer time simply due to the repeated trial and error
of setting up the scene, simulating enough frames to see the results, adjusting parameters, and
resimulating. So today I tried to limit myself to two hours _on everything but the simulation_.
The pyro solver I allowed myself to take as long as needed to get a result I was happy with,
because I have the time today to play around with it.

Even aside from that, I think I went over time because I couldn't get the fire material
to render correctly. I spent maybe an hour extra troubleshooting. So... about 3 hours for
modeling and setting up the render, and another ~2.5 hours for the simulation. Doing great
so far on the time limit!

I'm pretty pleased with the result though, even despite the x2.5 time spent. The fire
looks decent (although it goes too far up for a stovetop fire realistically, and after the
initial burst the flame height gets artificially clipped to a certain position). I added
a blue tint near the base of the flames which is a nice touch IMO.

Before starting work today, I had an alternate idea of trying to make the goblet of fire
(from Harry Potter) which would have been a simpler pyro setup but a more complex model.
I chose the stovetop because I had a reference handy, and because I wanted to push myself
to use the pyro solver more. After I do the rest of the prompts I may return to the goblet
of fire idea later (or maybe for the Mardini 2026 challenge, if a prompt fits).

Technical details:

  - Pyro solver with initial velocity, animated source and complex concave collision mesh.
  - MaterialX fire shader with custom temperature-based color ramp.
  - Slap comp for 'glow' effect simulating light scattering in air.
  - Slight chromatic aberration, although I may have underdone it.
