### Ice

This is the third prompt of the [Nodevember 2025](https://www.nodevember-2025.com/), "Ice".

I'll return to the 2024 prompts later, but since I skipped nodevember this year in
favor of writing 30k words in November, I'm going to go to the 2025 prompts and do
the 2024 prompts later.

I've been having difficulty returning to practice lately, and I eventually realized
that in part it's because I'm getting paralyzed by how much work it is to do a single
daily practice. So I'm going to limit myself to 2 hours per practice to make it easier to
get started and finish each day. I don't necessarily expect this to work very well,
because I'm a perfectionist, but it's worth a try.

It's the lamppost in the forest directly at the entrance to Narnia from the wardrobe
in The Chronicles of Narnia. I didn't have time to make the base look more like roots
than a normal pole base, and I *definitely* didn't have time to fill in the foliage
on the ground and surrounding trees, but I did make a passable lamp.

I got a workable render within the two hour time limit, but I wasn't completely happy
with it so I worked an additional 1.5 hours to use COPs and LOPs to create a blended
metal + snow/frost material for the pole, and to add some nice glass burn-in on the
glass lamp 'shades'. Not sure what that part is called really. I also added a slight
postprocessing glow in a slap comp because there's nothing close by for the lamp
itself to illuminate.

I tried to use an HDRI I found online for the background/sky, but it looked super
weird because there were trees behind the horizon. So the physical sky is too bright,
due to there being no clouds or other obstructions. But that's not a systemic error,
it'd be solved by fleshing out the environment, but I definitely don't have time for
it. Right now.
