### Soft

This is the ninth prompt of the [Nodevember 2025](https://www.nodevember-2025.com/),
"Soft".

I'll return to the 2024 prompts later, but since I skipped nodevember this year in
favor of writing 30k words in November, I'm going to go to the 2025 prompts and do
the 2024 prompts later.

I've been having difficulty returning to practice lately, and I eventually realized
that in part it's because I'm getting paralyzed by how much work it is to do a single
daily practice. So I'm going to limit myself to 2 hours per practice to make it easier to
get started and finish each day. I don't necessarily expect this to work very well,
because I'm a perfectionist, but it's worth a try.

This isn't an art project. Originally I was just going to make a mug with hot chocolate
in it and a few marshmallows, and it probably would have made for a nice still frame,
but I was more interested in practicing with the MPM solver. Two hours is definitely not
enough time to do that, and especially not enough time to do that and make a nice
animation and render; hence why it's not an art project. It's just a technical exercise.
Hopefully it will let me make actually nice looking projects with MPM in the future.

It took about 5 hours. The only parts I didn't make myself are 1. the marble material on
the ground (countertop maybe) and 2. the HDRI used for lighting.

The mug texture was created with COPs, although the detail ended up being a bit hard to
see in most frames. There's also a small visual issue on the rim but oh well. I got some
practice using the PolyFill and PolyBridge SOPs, which I don't use very often; but they
are incredibly useful for certain kinds of modeling problems so I want to change that.

I spent a lot less time modeling the the water heater, but I did put in some effort to
make the material with specular anisotropy. The effect is a lot more muted than I
expected or wanted, but I'm not sure what I did wrong. Maybe it's just the lighting
and camera angle that makes it hard to see; but it should be visible regardless.
So that effort shows a place I can definitely improve in future renders.

The MPM simulation resulted in a kinda crappy water surface, and I'm not sure what
parameters need to be adjusted to make it better. I hope it looks better in motion
than in still frames, but I haven't rendered the animation yet so I don't know for sure.
This is the first time using MPM for fluid simulation, and I was pleasantly surprised
at how much faster it was than using FLIP. However, it doesn't really do very well
when the liquid gets to be too thin, as you can see when the mug turns over to spill
out the hot chocolate. The new MPM surface generation also seems to need a bit more work,
as it crashes Houdini in certain situations.

I animated the mug tipping over and spilling the hot chocolate out by hand, mostly to
get practice creating animated colliders for MPM simulations. I also animated the camera
to look at the scene in different ways throughout the animation. It probably looks incredibly
terrible. Again, not really art, just technical practice.
