### Cluttered Desk (Day 5)

I'm planning to create a really high-resolution render of two of my projects, then order
a custom two-sided puzzle printed so I can assemble it in a physical form. Just on a whim.
I haven't decided what I'll do for the second side, but the first side will be a cluttered
desk, with references to a few of my previous renders - hanging them up as posters on the
wall, for example.

Today I:

- Selected better texture for wall to improve render and break up monotonous sections. I
  went with a single white stripe on an otherwise solid yellow wallpaper.
- Added more dust and scratches to desk surface so it doesn't look completely new.
- Fix ugly yellow edges on curtain loops. Also adjusted material properties so the curtain
  doesn't appear to be made of yarn.
- Added window frame and panes.
- Added another poster attached to wall.
- Added trash bin.

Also, I bit the bullet and enabled the "Intel OIDN" denoiser. This way I can render my
scenes with fewer rays and let the denoiser do the heavy lifting. It'll remove a lot of
detail, unfortunately, but there's not much I can do about that since I don't want to sit
around for hours waiting for my scenes to render.

I can also use the XPU renderer for some of the shots, although because it's in beta
it results in visual issues for some of the models.

Future goals:

- Hanging christmas lights haphazardly along the top of the wall - will be difficult in
  SOPS and LOPS
- Bring in soda bottle from previous practice days
- Add pins to "prop" up posters
- Tree and environment lighting from outside
- Monitor with sticky notes stuck to edge (shopping list and customer service numbers
  written). Maybe use screenshot for monitor screen
- Add pens to pen holder
- Add paper tray to left of desk
- More clutter on desk - stack of envelopes, bag of chocolates, speakers, controllers,
  remotes
  Perhaps use COPS to generate something?
- Improve curtain shader to allow some light through, so it isn't a blackout curtain.
- Add chair in front of desk.
- Slight volumetric lighting/dust in the air.
