### Mask

This is the twentieth prompt of the [Nodevember 2025](https://www.nodevember-2025.com/),
"Mask".

I'll return to the 2024 prompts later, but since I skipped nodevember this year in
favor of writing 30k words in November, I'm going to go to the 2025 prompts and do
the 2024 prompts later.

I've been having difficulty returning to practice lately, and I eventually realized
that in part it's because I'm getting paralyzed by how much work it is to do a single
daily practice. So I'm going to limit myself to 2 hours per practice to make it easier to
get started and finish each day. I don't necessarily expect this to work very well,
because I'm a perfectionist, but it's worth a try.

I did not model the theater masks in display here. Those were created by WilDuo, and
posted on [SketchFab](https://sketchfab.com/3d-models/happy-and-sad-theater-masks-comedy-and-tragedy-ee0c1240423546f5bd6083873a7144c5)
with a [CC Attribution](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/) license.

My intention here was to practice using PDG/TOPs to generate variations on a scene before
rendering it, and to learn how to use a cloud rendering platform. After a brief time
researching, I picked [Drop & Render](https://dropandrender.com/) platform for this
because it seemed like it should support everything I wanted to do. Unfortunately, after
getting everything set up, I submitted the job and it (the cloud render job) immediately
crashed. So I rendered a few of the jobs locally so I'd have something to submit and
created a helpdesk ticket. I still want to get it working in the cloud, because despite
how expensive that kind of thing can be it also takes a load off of me to render
animations on my personal computer.

As art, this is... not great. From a technical perspective, there's quite a bit of
technical work that went into automating the build and render procedure. I threw together
a RBD simulation to lay the masks on top of the ground/each other, and a Vellum
simulation to create wrinkles dynamically, but each was mostly so I'd have something
slightly interesting to render with the wedged variants created in the TOPs network.

Altogether it's taken four hours so far, mostly because it's been >2 years since I last
used PDG/TOPs, and partly because of technical difficulties submitting the render to Drop
& Render. I might lose more time to that tomorrow; we'll see what the support team has to
say when they get back to me.
