### Time

This is the twenty-third prompt of the [Nodevember 2025](https://www.nodevember-2025.com/),
"Time".

I'll return to the 2024 prompts later, but since I skipped nodevember this year in
favor of writing 30k words in November, I'm going to go to the 2025 prompts and do
the 2024 prompts later.

I've been having difficulty returning to practice lately, and I eventually realized
that in part it's because I'm getting paralyzed by how much work it is to do a single
daily practice. So I'm going to limit myself to 2 hours per practice to make it easier to
get started and finish each day. I don't necessarily expect this to work very well,
because I'm a perfectionist, but it's worth a try.

I was going to go for the 'time turner' scene in Harry Potter (see full reference video),
but I decided quickly after looking it up that I definitely don't have the time or patience
to animate hours worth of character movements just to compress it down to a few seconds.
That sounds awful. So instead I took the clockwork scene from just after it and tried to
redo the clockwork practice from a long time ago
([day 98](https://brandonslade.me/houdini-practice/98),
[day 99](https://brandonslade.me/houdini-practice/99)) but with better reference material
and lots more experience. (I also had a 'grandfather clock' with an animated pendulum
practice from all the way back in practice
[day 11](https://brandonslade.me/houdini-practice/11), which I'd completely forgotten
about.)

It took about five hours to make, largely because I made the gears as an HDA from the
beginning; 2.5 hours or so were spent on the HDA, about 30 minutes on creating all of the
gears once I had the HDA, another hour for modeling everything else, and the last hour to
set up the render camera/materials/lighting/etc and start the render overnight. It took 12
hours to render.

New stuff:

- More linear algebra and trigonometry! Huzzah, my math teacher was right!
- Dynamic text for the roman numerals again. Not the first time, but I don't do it enough
  for it to be a learned skill.
- Motion blur via inferred velocity (Compute Velocity and Time Shift SOPs)
- Camera animation via "Look At Constraint" LOP. Still a little weird to use, but not terrible.
