### Warp

This is the twenty-fourth prompt of the [Nodevember 2025](https://www.nodevember-2025.com/),
"Warp".

I'll return to the 2024 prompts later, but since I skipped nodevember this year in
favor of writing 30k words in November, I'm going to go to the 2025 prompts and do
the 2024 prompts later.

I've been having difficulty returning to practice lately, and I eventually realized
that in part it's because I'm getting paralyzed by how much work it is to do a single
daily practice. So I'm going to limit myself to 2 hours per practice to make it easier to
get started and finish each day. I don't necessarily expect this to work very well,
because I'm a perfectionist, but it's worth a try.

It's a star-wars style lightspeed jump (or at least it's meant to be.) I've said it before
and I'll say it again -- it's _very hard_ to know what an animation will look like before
you do a full render and watch it in realtime. There are a lot of factors that just don't
show up until then, no matter what you do to mitigate them.

I spent another ~five hours on this again. And it's an animation, which is going to take a
long time to render because it's using some expensive techniques in various ways. I don't
know how it'll turn out but there's a good chance it won't be ready before I have to start
on the next practice project. We'll see.

Here are a few of the new things I did this practice. I really should have cut it short,
but it's just... hard to accept a crappy result when you know that a little more work will
get a better one. And I do have fun with it, it's just that it sucks up all of my free time.

- This is the first time I've done a camera shake; I did it using a new LOP node I've never
  used before, the Xform LOP, to avoid messing with the camera attributes directly.
  Theoretically this means that I could animate the camera position independently and the
  camera shake/screen shake will still take effect. If I remember to, and if the animated
  result looks good, I'm going to create an HDA out of this node so I can reuse it in future
  projects with minimal effort.
- Instead of just animating the geometry or camera position, I animated the camera focal
  length and lens material properties (such as chromatic aberration and tint). And the dome
  light intensity. Not that there's anything particularly different about animating those
  properties over the camera position, but I normally consider them static. It's a mental
  block.
- I used the solver SOP again; although the use case was very simple, I figured it would be
  easier to do this than set up another POPs particle sim (even if I need more practice with
  that too.) I also used the Retime SOP and a highly customized Particle Trail SOP for the
  lightspeed jump.
- Finally, I used animated volumetrics for lightspeed travel. This is the part I'm most
  concerned about in the animation because there's just no good way to know what it'll look
  like in motion. Volumetrics show up *very* differently in the editor versus in the final
  rendered product.
