### Zip

This is the tenth prompt of the [Nodevember 2025](https://www.nodevember-2025.com/),
"Zip".

I'll return to the 2024 prompts later, but since I skipped nodevember this year in
favor of writing 30k words in November, I'm going to go to the 2025 prompts and do
the 2024 prompts later.

I've been having difficulty returning to practice lately, and I eventually realized
that in part it's because I'm getting paralyzed by how much work it is to do a single
daily practice. So I'm going to limit myself to 2 hours per practice to make it easier to
get started and finish each day. I don't necessarily expect this to work very well,
because I'm a perfectionist, but it's worth a try.

This took five hours. It's not anywhere close to what I was going for originally -- maybe
15% similar. But it did turn out interestingly, although for the most part each individual
frame is a little boring in isolation. I think the animation looks nice though.

The main thing I was going for to fit the prompt ('zip') was the rotating pieces. I only
ended up with one actually rotating physical piece, in the center, and three lights with
rotating (animated) emission. That's the main part that I got stuck on by the way; I could
have literally animated the lights rotating, but I wanted the emission to have a texture
as if it's in a coiled power cable or something. (Look, I'm not very knowledgeable about
electromagnetism.) I tried several things before I ended up making the animated emission
in COPs (without the cable texture) then added in the black stripes as part of the
MaterialX material during the render. I think it turned out pretty well.

That said, it was a mistake to try to make it so dark. I had a lot of difficulty getting
a good render because to get images output at this quality I had to use 512 rays per
pixel. Multiply that by 1920x1090 pixels per frame and 300 frames... 14 hours later I'm
still at frame 187. I'll have to pause the render so I can work on the next practice and
render the animation overnight again. Which means practice for the 11th prompt ('hive')
will have to be a stillframe. Ah well. My office is getting a little stuffy anyway.
