### Hive

This is the eleventh prompt of the [Nodevember 2025](https://www.nodevember-2025.com/),
"Hive".

I'll return to the 2024 prompts later, but since I skipped nodevember this year in
favor of writing 30k words in November, I'm going to go to the 2025 prompts and do
the 2024 prompts later.

I've been having difficulty returning to practice lately, and I eventually realized
that in part it's because I'm getting paralyzed by how much work it is to do a single
daily practice. So I'm going to limit myself to 2 hours per practice to make it easier to
get started and finish each day. I don't necessarily expect this to work very well,
because I'm a perfectionist, but it's worth a try.

I was going to make an ant farm vertical slice, but I realized that 1. I don't know
almost anything about them, so it'd likely look pretty crappy and more than a little
inaccurate; and 2. I don't really want to model an ant, let alone hundreds of them.
So instead I just went with a stylistic 'honey' render on a honeycomb background. It's
not a beehive, but it's adjacent.

It's hard to say exactly how much time I spent on this practice, because a lot of the
time I spent waiting on the MPM simulation to complete so that I could check the results
and possibly restart with different parameters. I didn't get a perfect result, but I
think this one is decent. The main issue is the rough patch above the 'n'. I know why
it occurred, but since I made the emitter procedural to make it less constant the only
real way to fix it is to use a different random seed, which could have similar problems
somewhere else. If I had more time I might run another 3-4 simulations with different
seeds and pick between them, but that's overkill for a daily practice. It's good enough.

Best guess is it took 3 hours. But with lots of breaks in between, so it wouldn't be
feasible during the work week.

As I mentioned... I used an MPM simulation in this practice. I'm getting better with
the MPM solver, which is why I keep trying to pull it into these practices. At some
point I want to re-attempt the avalanche practice that I tried (and very much failed)
about two years ago during the first Mardini I participated in.

After the MPM sim, I tried to give the honey more texture by randomly inserting air
bubbles into the output surface mesh. It's a subtle detail, and you probably didn't
notice it until I pointed it out. But... well, it does improve the render, and it
didn't take too much time.

The last thing new that I tried was to use subsurface scattering to make the honeycomb
accept light through the thin walls. It... didn't exactly work. The result doesn't look
bad, it just doesn't look like actual honeycomb; it looks a lot more abstract. But in a
way that's intentional, especially because I varied the honeycomb depths to make it more
interesting to look at without trying to model actual stuff in the pockets.
