### Camp

This is the fourteenth prompt of the [Nodevember 2025](https://www.nodevember-2025.com/),
"Camp".

I'll return to the 2024 prompts later, but since I skipped nodevember this year in
favor of writing 30k words in November, I'm going to go to the 2025 prompts and do
the 2024 prompts later.

I've been having difficulty returning to practice lately, and I eventually realized
that in part it's because I'm getting paralyzed by how much work it is to do a single
daily practice. So I'm going to limit myself to 2 hours per practice to make it easier to
get started and finish each day. I don't necessarily expect this to work very well,
because I'm a perfectionist, but it's worth a try.

I did one RBD bullet solver, two vellum solvers, one pyro solver, one heightfield +
erode, and a custom model for a tent, camping chair, and a bunch of firewood... all
in two hours! (...and 20 minutes.)

A lot of stuff got done, but it's largely because I cheated in a number of ways.

1. First, I didn't need any of it to be repeatable. Unlike yesterday's practice, I
made little to no effort to make the modeling procedural or reusable; it's the opposite
end of the spectrum. Art-directed and manual, not procedural and dynamic.
2. The vellum solvers for the tent and chair cloth are just letting the cloth droop with
a few pinned points to keep the general shape, so it didn't require more than a couple
dozen frames each and didn't require me to adjust and resim repeatedly.
3. The RBD sim was similar; I positioned the logs close to where they needed to go anyway
and let the solver collapse them into a pile. No readjustement needed.
4. For the pyro sim, I straight up used a preset and adjusted the input and render settings.

It doesn't look bad, but I do think it would have looked better if I spent more time on
textures and materials. Unfortunately I'm out of time again. I'm doing better at keeping
within time constraints, but the quality is definitely suffering. Or maybe I'm just
overscoping the projects? I don't know.
