### Trap

This is the fifteenth prompt of the [Nodevember 2025](https://www.nodevember-2025.com/),
"Trap".

I'll return to the 2024 prompts later, but since I skipped nodevember this year in
favor of writing 30k words in November, I'm going to go to the 2025 prompts and do
the 2024 prompts later.

I've been having difficulty returning to practice lately, and I eventually realized
that in part it's because I'm getting paralyzed by how much work it is to do a single
daily practice. So I'm going to limit myself to 2 hours per practice to make it easier to
get started and finish each day. I don't necessarily expect this to work very well,
because I'm a perfectionist, but it's worth a try.

I had a hard time figuring out what do do for this prompt. The Death Star trash compactor
would have required modeling and texturing way too many things for it to be in any way
recognizable, not to mention the water sim and volumetrics. Various iconic Indiana Jones
traps have a similar problem. My best idea was just a mouse trap with a piece of cheese,
but I wasn't particularly excited by the prospect. Right before I started I had the idea
to recreate the 'Pluribus' Petri dish. No, I haven't seen it, so no spoilers; but I have
seen a few clips from it, enough to make me interested. I don't know the full significance
of the Petri dish, but I suspect it's more symbolic than literal in the show itself.

I could have made the smiley in a number of ways, but I decided to use another MPM
simulation. The result didn't give me the sharp look seen in the Pluribus image; maybe if
I'd had more time I'd have played around with material properties and surfacing parameters
to get closer to the original, but I don't so I didn't. I feel it's still decently
recognizable.

I also threw on the switch to enable caustics, just to see what it did. The result didn't
change a ton, other than immediately becoming significantly more noisy. But I only had to
render one frame, so I cranked up the samples to 1024 per pixel and enabled the GPU
denoiser for good measure (I don't have a lot of fine detail for it to mess up in this
case.)

There are a couple of artifacts in the Petri dish walls that I suspect come from
floating-point precision issues, but I don't have time to investigate them now. The Q-tip
cotton material also sucks.
