### Tool

This is the nineteenth prompt of the [Nodevember 2025](https://www.nodevember-2025.com/),
"Tool".

I'll return to the 2024 prompts later, but since I skipped nodevember this year in
favor of writing 30k words in November, I'm going to go to the 2025 prompts and do
the 2024 prompts later.

I've been having difficulty returning to practice lately, and I eventually realized
that in part it's because I'm getting paralyzed by how much work it is to do a single
daily practice. So I'm going to limit myself to 2 hours per practice to make it easier to
get started and finish each day. I don't necessarily expect this to work very well,
because I'm a perfectionist, but it's worth a try.

So... I might have to start removing that paragraph. It's just part of the template, but
it's proven to not really be true in most of these projects. Today in particular it was
even less true than usual, because it's a holiday and I ended up spending nearly every
waking moment (about 12 hours) of my time on today's project. I was having fun, and I
wasn't willing to reduce the scope of this project.

The 'tool' part of the prompt refers to the Hotline, an OOP (object of power) in
[Control](https://www.remedygames.com/games/control) (the video game by Remedy). I like
the game a lot, but more than that, I just find a lot of scenes in it to be extremely
visually striking. In that way it's similar to Bioshock, but with more austere/blocky
scenes and architecture that lends itself better to this kind of practice. I did model
the Hotline in about thirty minutes (and did a half-way decent job of it considering of
how curvy and organic the shape is), but that's just one item. It doesn't have anywhere
near the same emotional impact without the scene to give it context.

- I'm making better use of light tree by using light instancing for room lights; and I
  also use light instancing for the floor lights, but they unfortunately had to be
  shaped (spotlight) to get the effect I want, so they aren't as optimized as I would have
  liked.
- In yet another project, I'm using fog to catch light in volumetric scattering. This
  creates depth by creating a soft gradient falloff in what would otherwise be an empty
  void. It also drives up the noise of the render to an insane degree. Which brings me
  to...
- Since this isn't an animation, I can afford to throw a ton of compute resources at a
  couple of stillframe renders from various camera positions. I'm using a baseline of
  8192 path traced samples per pixel, and I also reduced the pixel oracle variance
  threshold so pixels will keep getting sampled for longer than they otherwise would have.
  The fog means that very nearly every pixel will reach (or get close to) this number of
  samples, but the threshold should theoretically mean that for more closeup images
  pixels can cut out sooner if the pixel settles down.
- Karma physical lens shader - I added a slight blue tint, and vignetting in addition to
  the chromatic aberration I normally do.
- I set up my customary slap comp a well to apply glow, but I also set up the render and
  slap comp to create and customize a few more AOV outputs. The "cputime" AOV should show
  which parts of the image took longer to render. (I anticipate it'll correspond heavily
  with samples that are poorly lit in the fog and glass). The "primarysamples" AOV should
  show which pixels used the full 8192 samples and which could quit early due to settled
  variance.
	- It looks like I had the "primarysamples" AOV misconfigured for the first render, so
      that'll just have the cputime AOV unless I make time to redo this later.
- For modeling, I learned a few new SOP options for Chain SOP to get telephone cord. Also
  for the telephone cord I used a vellum simulation. Just the Vellum Drape SOP again, but
  this time I customized it to make a fatter/less bendy "rope" for the simulation.
- Used COPs (Copernicus) to generate custom material textures for the walkway and room
  floor. Also technically the black backdrop, but I don't believe that's visible in the
  render. Possibly I'd need to ramp up the volume limit to view it, or maybe it's too dark
  to see either way.
- More practice with UV Flatten, UV Layout, Convert Line, and various volume/VDB SOP nodes.
